# CVMA20-7
Combat Veteran's Motorcycle Association repo using Salesforce with Claude Sonnet 4 and MCP server(s).  CVMA Chapter 20-7 is based in Jacksonville, FL who's mission is Vets Serving Vets.

This was the first use of Claude Code within IntelliJ with the Illuminated Cloud II (Salesforce) plugin.  I tasked Claude with providing CVMA Guest User's access to our Events Calendar in order to see all of our Hosted Events for fundraising.  There were a couple of issues that I had to assist Claude with, but I'm truly amazed at how well Claude was able to assist me in configurations, testing, class building, security awareness, governor limits, git & github generation, setup & committing code, and finally providing me with notifications on my Claude account balance (unbeknownst to me).  I did have to guide Claude on Salesforce best practices, governor limits and some additional minor details like adherance to Code Coverage and setting my target to 90% vs the SF minimum of 75%, however the bulk of the work was done by Claude.

I've been developing for over 10 years in several different arenas and now reaching 7 years with Salesforce, so I defintely know what I'm doing and I must say, I'm flabbergasted at how much I didn't realize we developer's have to be aware of the tech debt we don't even know we're creating.  Just this single run with Claude, including learning curve took approximately 2 hours and $7.14 on my Claude account, not bad considering what Claude did would have taken a complete sprint with a full development team to do for one User Story.  Yes, a full sprint, meaning Code Development, SCA, Unit Testing, QA, Seeding Data, Integration and Regression Testing, Experience Cloud testing & authorizatiobn configurations in Profiles & Permission Sets, CICD, Git..., you name it, I hit it.

It's not that I couldn't have done this myself, it's that Claude was able to show me how much more goes into my job than I every gave myself credit for or ever realized I knew.  Furthermore, I learned about Comprehensive Coding and saw that I'm one of many developers who get so locked into code that you can forget to check on the basics, the Admin stuff, the things that we can easily take for granted.  Stuff that's put into another User Story for non-technical folks on the team.  Claude gave me a brand new appreciation for Admins and has already made me appreciate my entire team, not just my own abilities.

This is in my ReadMe because I want you to understand the full value of the new coding era.  AI isn't taking our jobs away, it's merely giving us the tools to do it better with less tech debt and adhere to deployments that much better, faster and easier than we could have ever dreamed of.

Detonator Out
